Update SysId docs for 2024 (#2492)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-controls/system-identification/running-routine.rst

Running the Identification Routine
==================================

Once the code has been deployed, we can now run the system identification routine, and record the resulting data for analysis.

.. note:: Ensure you have sufficient space around the robot before running any identification routine! The drive identification requires at least 10' of space, ideally closer to 20'. The robot drive can not be accurately characterized while on blocks.

Running Tests
-------------
Perform the tests using the bindings you created in the previous section.

.. warning:: Watch out for your mechanism and stop the test early if it exceeds safe limits! The routine only creates voltage commands for you to connect to your motors, it is up to you to set up hard or soft limits to prevent injury or damage.

> Track Width

Reviewer: Track Width is currently not supported we should hide or remove this till it is readded.

^^^^^^^^^^^

You can determine the track width of the robot by selecting the :guilabel:`Drivetrain (Angular)` test. This will also provide angular Kv and Ka parameters.

This test will spin your robot to determine an empirical trackwidth. It compares how far the wheel encoders drove against the reported rotation from the gyroscope.  To get the best results your wheels should maintain contact with the ground.

.. note:: For high-friction wheels (like pneumatic tires), the empirical trackwidth calculated by sysid may be significantly different from the real trackwidth (e.g., off by a factor of 2). The empirical value should be preferred over the real one in robot code.

The entire routine should look something like this:

.. raw:: html

  <div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto;"> <iframe src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/FN2xqoB1sfU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe> </div>

> After all four tests have been completed, use the ``Data Log Tool`` to retrieve the log file from the roboRIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all four tests have been completed, use the ``DataLogTool`` to retrieve the log file from the roboRIO.
```
